the movie begins in the past where a young boy named sam attempts to save celebi from a hunter . 
emerging from the human psyche and showing characteristics of abstract expressionism , minimalism and russian constructivism , graffiti removal has secured its place in the history of modern art while being created by artists who are unconscious of their artistic achievements . 
spurning her mother's insistence that she get on with her life , mary is thrown out of the house , rejected by joe , and expelled from school as she grows larger with child . 
amitabh can't believe the board of directors and his mind is filled with revenge and what better revenge than robbing the bank himself , ironic as it may sound . 
she , among others excentricities , talks to a small rock , gertrude , like if she was alive . 
this gives the girls a fair chance of pulling the wool over their eyes using their sexiness to poach any last vestige of common sense the dons might have had . 
styled after vh1's " behind the music , " this mockumentary profiles the rise and fall of an internet startup , called icevan . com . 
being blue is not his only predicament ; he also lacks the ability to outwardly express his emotions . 
the killer's clues are a perversion of biblical punishments for sins : stoning , burning , decapitation . 
david is a painter with painter's block who takes a job as a waiter to get some inspiration . 
women craved him and men wanted to be him . 
set on an island off the coast of florida , a techno rave party attracts a diverse group of college coeds and a coast guard officer . 
lesson to be learned : never , never mess with " the gay mafia ! " 
the theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers . 
they're jewish , they're grandmothers , and they're lesbians . 
but he's neglecting his work , carping at his mom , and behaving badly toward his loyal friend bobbi . 
with all this going on , gerry's estranged wife margaret is worried for her daughter's safety and finds herself another target in the race to find the code . 
valento feels the heat and turns the table : he makes the dupe into one of his own and rubs the da's nose in it . 
saigon , 1952 , a beautiful , exotic , and mysterious city caught in the grips of the vietnamese war of liberation from the french colonial powers . 
deep in the northwest , there is a lone ranch tucked away so purposefully , the only way to find it is by not looking . 
as a young teenager , he finds out who his father is . 
in life , there's silver , and there's lead , says rikki ortega , as he moves to be king of the street in " &#193 ; nglio , " l . a . 's east side . 
all these games of chasing , rejecting and seducing are played out in an economically and spiritually depressed hong kong , without much gusto . 
television made him famous , but his biggest hits happened off screen . 
jordan is a mom who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
'bloody magic' is the story of zack , an eleven year old school boy , who's family is visited by three debt collectors . 
however , jane , wendy's 12-year-old daughter , sees it all as make believe and refuses to believe in the tales . 
called " an elegant documentary " by sundance and " eloquent and deeply moving " by the la times , toyo miyatake : infinite shades of gray is a penetrating portrait of this photographer's search for truth and beauty in a world of impermanence . 
straight up : helicopters in action will take audiences on a series of aerial adventures . 
a lapp woman anni gives a shelter to both of them at her farm . 
it also touches on the encroachment of christianity brought by the missionaries , which is at odds with mepe's tribal and traditional roots . 
a set of grisly murders brings fbi agent will graham ( norton ) out of retirement and puts him in search of an atrocious killer ( fiennes ) who's driven by the image of a painting . 
soon , the team begins to suspect that knowles' main objective is actually to recover the prototype of a dna testing machine called the huxley project , which his company has spent years and millions of dollars developing . 
his mother persuades a renowned entomologist to take them on a trip to the jungle to search for the butterfly , leading to an adventure that will transform their lives . 
with a rare gift for melding subjectivity with biographical facts , m&#225 ; rton brings sabina spielrein back to life , body and soul . 
seeking a mental escape , simone begins to tune into what's happening with the other couples around her . 
the beatle fan is a drama about albert , a psychotic prisoner who is a devoted fan of john lennon and the beatles . 
then , in 1974 , something incredible happened - they fell in love . 
on her deathbed , candice klein accidentally asks the question , " what did i ever do to deserve this ? " 
shot as a " behind-the-scenes " look at how a fictional kung-fu movie is made , the film is basically a movie about the making of a movie . 
before the investigation ends , we've met boyfriends , a drug dealer , alicia's mom , hadley's dad , nurses , doctors , and an orderly . 
but what exactly is good &#38 ; what exactly is evil ? 
the movie takes place in mexico , 2002 ( based on a story from the 1800's ) . 
rainone's love affair with singing sensation kelly mcguire whom he discovered and his near demise by the hands of his own prot&#233 ; g&#233 ; vincent riccola is the juice that fuels this roller coaster ride through two debauchery-filled decades of greed , sex , drugs and rock and roll . 
trapped in a lovers triangle and ruthless game of lust , greed , and betrayal we follow one woman's hypnotic journey to discover her true self . . . 
decent-but-dull dek loves shirley , so much so that he humiliates her by proposing without warning on national television . 
since all her architects are either busy otherwise or too conservative in style , this ambivalent honour falls to numerobis . 
there's a story that goes around the town of darkness falls about her , and she's called the tooth fairy . 
a strange film employing old home movies and newly shot footage in an effort to expose one hungarian family and their mutiple problems from the 1940s to current . 
matsumoto and sawako were a happy couple , but meddling parents and chase for success push the boy to a tragic choice . 
elvis teams up with jack ( ossie davis ) , a fellow nursing home resident who thinks that he is actually president john f . kennedy , and the two valiant old codgers sally forth to battle an evil egyptian entity who has chosen their long-term care facility as his happy hunting grounds . 
everywhere he goes he is plagued by cats and when by chance he meets carol on a lonely highway they must begin a journey , avoiding the mysterious private detective mr barlow and the terrifying inhuman creature jack , to uncover the dark truth to charlie's life . 
used to living in poverty , it seemed impossible for cass and cary to have a comfortable and bountiful life until doqa gracia comes to bring them into her home . 
the story of a normal family in which come out the dreams of those who have lost their possibilities and of those who want to realize them . 
with grit and determination molly guides the girls on an epic journey , one step ahead of the authorities , over 1 , 500 miles of australia's outback in search of the rabbit-proof fence that bisects the continent and will lead them home . 
they nevertherless feel responsible to protect the flag until monday's ceremony . 
the doctor realizes it''s a love virus so he advises him to woo the girl somehow , not realizing that munnabhai has fallen for none other than his own younger sister komal . 
however , he can only inhabit the body of a child for a short time . 
years later , on a hunting trip in the maine woods , they are overtaken by a blizzard , a vicious storm in which something much more ominous moves . 
consequently , what begins as an enthusiastic road trip is soon plagued with mysterious roadside obstacles that threaten to prevent the boys from ever making it to the competition . 
when she gets into trouble with the police simon represses his death wish and decides to help her out . 
chon then travels to new york for roy o'bannon ( owen wilson ) . 
not only must they overcome an enemy adept at technological witchery , they must overcome the curse that marks their destiny . 
their life becomes less ordinary when they encounter herb , a mischievous and malevolent geek . 
they call themselves d . e . b . s . 
the story starts with hakimi , a freelance scriptwriter who is on his way to send his 7-year-old daughter , imelda , to his ex-wife's house on one stormy night . 
they follow leads , informants turn up dead , nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street , henry's protective of the dead cop's wife . 
the second part of aki kaurism&#228 ; ki's " finland " trilogy , the film follows a man who arrives in helsinki and gets beaten up so severely he develops amnesia . 
soon after the accident , the survivors of the accident start dropping like flies . 
edgar becomes intent on laying down some new rules and turning his coddled son into someone who can take on the family farm . 
bound by a long red cord , a young couple wanders in search of something they have forgotten . 
sudden fame does not seem to solve everything , however . 
with no option , joe and katsuragi must use their martial arts skills to fight in the muscle dome . 
drawing from his time with the kids , he writes a story about children who don't want to grow up . 
she's an artist , but hasn't picked up a brush in a year . 
when his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds , the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves ( dmx ) forges an unlikely alliance with a taiwanese intelligence officer ( jet li ) to rescue her . 
 " garmento " tells the other side of the story , with a dark and satirical look at new york's wholesale garment industry , where shady deals are made for a buck and ruthlessness is a prerequisite for career success . 
rudy yellowshirt is an investigator with the police department and witnesses firsthand the painful legacy of indian existence . 
journeying from the vietnam war to pulaski , tennessee and back to vietnam , daughter from danang tensely unfolds as cultural differences and the years of separation take their toll in a riveting film about longing and the personal legacy of war . 
each weekend they come back with nothing but a hangover . 
robert de niro plays a therapist who is an obsessive-compulsive agoraphobic and hasn't left his apartment in six years . 
with his own group , the urban cyber breakers , he has got a dream : to win the dance battle that will bring his team to the world final in new york before reaching usa and fame , he has to overcome the rival group , the ld , to deal with his mother's excessive love and to live out his passion for the beautiful samia . 
graced with the instinctive ability to dance , jenny thomas wants nothing more than to become a professional dancer . 
genetically engineered to be immune to the drug , miles' strange charisma draws claire to him , but when he brutally guns down a group of harmless dissidents , she begins to doubt she can really trust anyone . 
palm springs' white party is the backdrop for this documentary on the fast-paced world of gay circuit parties . 
a few questionable actions later on both parties' part , they finally start questioning their actions and their lives . 
ramu stands in and repeats the wisdom of sharonna , freeing the mind of the posh guests and attracting lexi to him . 
anna is the jewish daughter of a spanish mother and a greek father . 
believing his parent's dead , bruce is raised by adoptive parents . 
identified as deserters , they are returned to their barracks to be court martialed . 
frances decides to take a break and she buys a villa in the beautiful tuscan countryside and decides to begin anew . 
set in the los angeles police department in april 1992 , dark blue is a dramatic thriller that takes place just days before the acquittal of four white officers in the beating of black motorist rodney king and the subsequent l . a . riots . 
during this time he becomes wracked by horrific and surreal visions that begin to fuel his work . 
the face of the serpent is an action-thriller with strong political undertones of local government corruption . 
he resurfaces as a hired snoop for , earth now , a radical ecology group . 
surrounded by a bevy of adoring but completely wrong for her men ( and one dead girl from manchester ) , chance has to pick her way through her messy life in order to figure out which guy is " it " . 
upon discovering her infidelity , roxie's husband amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and roxie is sent to jail , pending hanging . 
initially reluctant to help , daniel's conscience eventually gets the better of him . 
his plans go awry , however , when his older brother , keith , returns from prison . 
inspired and motivated , the kids save the day , showing bravery and nobility . 
however he's cauught by the mexican secret police and is forced to infiltrate a gruop political activist in the movement of 68 . 
arjun ( akshay kumar ) is a high profile vigilante who soon encounters a problem when his mother ( raakhee ) becomes terribly ill . 
ronnie must then deal with his new life , while having to deal with missing his ex-wife that he left back home . 
chuck - the songwriting leader of the po'boys , is discouraged and facing writer's block . 
chomsky places the terrorist attacks in the context of american foreign intervention throughout the postwar decades--in vietnam , central america , the middle east , and elsewhere . 
she quickly makes friends with paul taylor , a witty mormon student filmmaker who finds jenny's ambitious dream to be the subject for his next film project . 
one of the friends is a dress designer and provides him the artist's clothes and imported cars are provided to him to enjoy life . 
three friends get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation . 
fearful of the repercussions on his already messed up life , greg flees the scene and manages to hide his clunky damaged truck on the nearby overgrown farm of martha thompson , an aging grouchy widow who lives by the scriptures , ideas of traditional family and her trusty shotgun . 
but her husband always has prevented her realization of this fact . 
today marks a special anniversary for the couple and they set out to celebrate the way they have before , with an old fashion picnic . 
the next morning , their friday gets freaky when tess and anna find themselves inside the wrong bodies . 
the boy gets a shock when he comes to know that the job involves spying sharad's wife . 
in the surroundings of the bookstore , a lot of criminal , but also funny activities take place . 
blade's team and the bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations . 
after letting his screenwriting software sit on his shelf for three years , he finally has the big idea that inspires him to load screenwriter 4 . 0 and get writing . 
when the gammasphere goes wrong , bruce banner is afflicted with the ability to turn into a mammoth creature soon dubbed 'the hulk' , a manifestation of his own inner demons that he mutates into when it is emotionally triggered . 
renata is a young high-class girl and ulises is a poor guy . 
amaro soon discovers that corruption and the church are old acquaintances in los reyes . 
in the end , debby , beth , and virginia find , if not the relationships of their dreams , peace with each other and within themselves . 
he is in search for his salvation and his son salvation from a family curse . 
all are endeavoring to remove the stones that insistently appear in their path or , worst , that are in their shoes . 
renowned adventurer allan quatermain ( connery ) leads a team of extraordinary figures with legendary powers to battle the technological terror of a madman known as " the fantom . " 
but for trey segal , that dream comes at a cost . 
the sequel to spy kids ; the second film revisits the adventures of the previous film . 
johnny lever ( paaji ) is a millionaire sardarji who believes in distributing &#38 ; spending lavishly his wealth on his friends . 
during the year 2000 geyrhalter and his teams travelled to a different destination each month , looking for places untouched by the millennium hysteria . 
kannas brother ghisu is one aggressive and hot-tempered with who is illiterate and is slowly getting attracted towards naxalites . 
her loving parents feel helpless as they watch their daughter suffer . 
area k is an israeli controlled marine zone isolating the gaza strip and preventing palestinian fishermen from entering israel , egypt and international waters . 
while other kids buy into countless hours of studying just so they can get a mark in some teacher's report book , handsome davis sees it as nothing more than a system of control over your mind . 
frank's newest transport seems no different from the countless ones he's done in the past . 
they are told the story of the chamber of secrets . 
but grace has a secret and it is a dangerous one . 
the nameless protagonist , a 19th-century french diplomat , guides the audience through a lost , sumptuous dream that was the enlightenment period . 
but there is indie rock , a restless entrepreneurial spirit , and carly , morgan and chuck , three optimistic post college grads , ready to make their splash in the world . 
a document about a unique political and artistic moment , the film traces the links between the two most important latin american filmmaking movements of the late '60s the brazilian cinema n&#244 ; vo and the cuban cine revolucionario . 
in the cutthroat world of children's television , rainbow randolph , the corrupt , costumed star of a popular children's tv show , is fired over a bribery scandal and replaced by squeaky-clean smoochy , a puffy fuscia rhinoceros . 
two friends purchase a winning lottery ticket , only to have it stolen by a woman while she is robbing the cafe in which they are having lunch . 
carlton " niche " james ( cory barlog ) is a man on a mission . 
together , they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates , led by the cursed captain barbossa , in order to save elizabeth , the love of will's life , as well as recover the lost treasure that jack seeks . 
in this bittersweet slice of working class single new jersey life , best friends debby and beth ( both pushing thirty ) go looking for love in the wrong place - namely their favorite bar , oliver's . 
although their characters and temperaments couldn't be less alike , 19-year olds wei and jie are best friends . 
the body bears strange marks on the chest which may or may not be the sign of a sin eater ( furmann ) , a renegade who offers absolution , last rites and therefore a path to heaven outside the jurisdiction of the church . 
this romantic comedy , described as an african-american when harry met sally . . . , centers on a romance between an a&#38 ; r exec , dre ( diggs ) , at a hip-hop label and a magazine editor , sidney ( lathan ) , who have known each other since childhood . 
matt , a city boy , island hopping to take in the festival of fire , hears that she has been tricked ; for jake is not dying . 
a martial artist , afflicted with a disease that makes beautiful women want to kill him , goes on a suicide mission to find true love anyway . 
there's only one catch : martin , her ex-husband , still hasn't moved out of the place . 
the companies' ceos and attorneys are summoned to a final round of mediation , at an off-shore location . 
sid , a sloth who never stops talking is left behind sleeping while everyone else begins the journey to the south . 
he tries to ignor it , but he later finds out on the news that the daughter of a senator has been kidnapped and is being help ransom for $15m . 
the family come from a long line of masters of disguise who are able to mask themselves as almost anyone or anything by harnessing the great power of energico . 
a film so terrifying - even the monsters are frightened ! 
what he finds is a pocket of life that seems to be in another era , where prejudice and intolerance are accepted , where the small minds of angry men call the shots and where one woman attempts to save him and fails . 
love , politics and intrigue intermingle in this taut retelling of graham greene's classic tale of a disillusioned british journalist , an idealistic young american and the beautiful vietnamese woman that comes between them in 1950s saigon . 
thus when he surprisingly gets an email from american film producer alex brubeck who writes that he had liked the script and would like to meet him personally , tam&#225 ; s sees all his dreams come true . 
3 beautiful agents try to find the treasure , but they must fight the evil datuk azmi , an old enemy of madame x . it has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions . 
ethan , a confident young architect and seeming 'perfect guy' has invested himself , and his heart , in women like rachel before - and he is sure he has learned his lesson . 
a close acquaintance overhears their conversation , and , promised a fee , reports the win to max ( david winburn ) , smooth-talking but deadly leader of a hoodlum gang , who sends his beautiful paramour , cindy ( kelly taylor ) , to seduce jose , if necessary , to get her hands on the winning ticket . 
when all but one of mi5's top agents are killed in an explosion . 
jack has a history with charlie , a transient who portrays a typical image of the homeless : rough , unshaven and always looking for the next drink . 
fourth generation war hero col . william mcnamara is imprisoned in a brutal german pow camp . 
oscar is certain that he could be a better mate to eve than his work-obsessed father . 
at the same time , scientist and businessman norman osborn , after exposure to an experimental nerve gas , develops an alternate personality himself ; the super-strong , psychotic green goblin ! 
from her complex and enduring relationship with her mentor and husband to her illicit and controversial affair with leon trotsky , to her provocative and romantic entanglements with women , frida kahlo lived a bold and uncompromising life as a political , artistic , and sexual revolutionary . 
there's ushi , harry's lawyer , who knows something about harry lena doesn't know , eddie , a friend of harry and his new girlfriend pol , and at last , there are two policemen who are in fact unwelcome . 
america's best player is being pulled in to the ultimate cyber-terror . 
besides him , the other residents are " baggers , " human-like creatures that are infected by the tall man's blood , the dwarves , and , of course , the silver spheres , all trying to break out of the barrier that contains them and into the real world . 
but nobody figured sam decker and his juvenile delinquents into the equation . 
the film captures intense footage of several art events as well as interviews with burning man organizers larry harvey ( also co-founder ) , crimson rose and will roger who explain how , what started in 1986 as an impromptu summer solstice celebration , put on by a few friends at a beach in san francisco , has turned into a full-blown exercise in city planning and management with a hefty price-tag . 
chon's sister , lin ( wong ) , also thirsty for vengeance , stumbles into what appears to be a conspiracy to off the royal family . 
a young father amaro arrives at his new church post on the orders of the bishop . 
amelia is quickly following into the footsteps of her mother , sanjuanera , who has been engaged in a long-time affair with father benito . 
ivan , a captain of the soviet army , arrested by the front secret police 'smersh' , has a narrow escape . 
they follow him to las vegas , where he is ostensibly doing " research " for the next season , but is actually pursuing a dream to become a dancer in a vegas show . 
whistle completes the trilogy started in from here to eternity and the thin red line . 
they gradually find themselves drawn to each other but , as their remarkable story plays out , the obstacles to their happiness prove all but insurmountable . 
there he encounters dawn's family who tie him down and put him on trail for the murder of the girl years before . 
but all is not smooth in the rockies , as their relationship accelerates - cultural differences , family issues , former loves and life-altering challenges threaten to shake things up . 
documentarians weissman and weber have expertly crafted a record of a wondrous time and a wild group in the cockettes , and you won't want to miss a minute of it . 
a banker , husband , and father , mr . smith ( larry pine ) must leave it behind him . 
before they carry this out , they want to truly experience life on the edge and they devise a plan by which their suicides will make them legends . 
one of patricia's early followers is francis hiller ( edward albert jr . ) , jack's son and katherine's stepbrother , a successful local businessman . 
but harper himself is a suspect in several bomb attacks , one of which killed rachel's partner and friend . 
in a fantasy life she lives through her sketchbook , laura's world is exotic , bright and enchanting . 
kilo decides to learn how to prosper in the drug world and his new life as a dealer begins . 
he has had no formal education , but on his own , he systematically studies western theories of industrial management and such classical chinese philosophies as confucianism , taoism , and suntzu . 
in addition , the detective has to deal with a serial killer who had already killed and mutilated many women . 
at times he seems to share nicholas's fascination , but then appears more interested in making inroads with the girls at school . 
but there are some surprises on the way . . . 
the sra's act as 'portals' on the internet , helping users to fulfill their dreams . 
they discover a little bit about love , dating and each other as the search through the thousands of hopefuls . 
a zany comedy where as pop is dying he is pushing his remaining son to fulfill his last request ; to marry and carry on the family name . 
his father and brother are dead for so many years . 
as the girls begin to bond , laura gradually begins to find herself abandoning the safety of the fantasy and falling into her first real friendship . 
unwilling to disappoint his proud mother , morales wastes no time in looking for a job to pay his way through school . 
the land has been in the grip of a ravaging drought for 10 years . 
the story follows them and the people they encounter on their way to their destination . 
the movie revolves around munnabhai ( sanjay dutt ) a dreaded but good-hearted underworld don of mumbai . 
she calls on a fairy godmother to grants her three wishes . 
four characters are carried over , the first sergeant , the clerk , the mess sergent , and the misfit . 
she and her daughter flee to find sylvie's first love in the countryside . 
to spite the hated infidel ways of her father , she has settled into a complacent relationship and is struggling ( not too hard ) with issues of fidelity to her kind but unexciting husband . 
the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
his search soon sends him down a dangerous path . . . 
together , they plan to build their definite house over land that belonged to gregorio's grandfather , but little does the rest of the family suspect that beneath the terrain there is a huge number of weapons buried by gregorio during his youth . 
they came to pray , but instead they end up in the middle of an unpleasant religious argument as they suddenly get interrupted by a mystical appearance : is it god ? 
ahas , son from a poor family , in his inner struggles , joins the troop of his classmates and heads for the front . 
this definitely delivers a remarkable mixture of explosive drama with wickedly ironical humor as you follow this eclectic story surrounding this tide-dyed , free spirited couple's showdown with a mysterious faberge' egg and a seedy , well-woven cast of criminals that will both trill and amuse . 
during the war between iran and iraq , a group of iranian kurd musicians set off on an almost impossible mission . 
it's valentines day , sweets are currency , and new yorkers can't seem to get enough of their favorite moses donuts . 
former world-rallye-champion walter and his daughter natascha are kidnapped by arab terrorists and brought to berlin . 
but things take a turn for the worst when sheldon finds out that some of the people that he works with , and some he doesn't know he's working for , are all in it for the money . 
the word in las vegas is that he is dead . 
and in wicker park ( chicago's answer to greenwich village ) , rachel is about to meet her cosmic match . 
leviticus , a navy veteran returns home after serving his country to find the war at home is harder than anything he's ever encountered , but exactly what &#38 ; who is he fighting for ? 
but then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems , and picard is captured by the romulans because shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material . 
all of this changes when he finds a large mysterious package left on his doorstep . 
this appears to be only the beginning of a string of suicides around the country . 
they swore to have their unborn babies get married when they grew up . 
after their relationship falters , shane begins to think he might be unlucky and turns to gambling as an outlet for his obsession . 
ben cronin has it all : the admiration of his many friends , a terrific girlfriend , and he's on the fast-track to an athletic scholarship . 
sebastien cortez is an up and coming film maker who has just gotten his big break in " the biz . " 
having an affair with his girlfriend's professor forces him to make difficult decisions about love , friendship , career , and the direction his life should take . 
meanwhile , on jesse&#180 ; s trail is the saint of the killers , a holy cowboy assassin with the mission of kill custer . 
swept into the final moments of the ceremony , jenny must decide ; should she hurt all the people who love her by running away , or simply say " i do " ? 
how does it play a significant role in japanese culture , and why does it fascinate american youth ? 
the artist lives alone in a foreboding old house in the country , a place of solitude , free from distractions . 
over 80 of the world's greatest martial artists demonstrate techniques and discuss philosophy in this fascinating account of the martial arts phenomenon and its increasing global popularity . 
conflict enters their relationship when anthony expresses to victoria that their sex life is practically non-existent . 
and yet , amid the overwhelming destitution and the daily quest for survival , the desire for joy , beauty and music is still alive . 
he is locked up in a chinese prison where he is guilty until proven innocent . 
standard story of boy meets girl and girl thinks he is gay . 
adam fields is a rage-filled u . s . border patrol agent who often crosses the line in his job . 
then you remember where the bad dreams came from . 
brings back nick tellis , fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman . 
while awaiting trial , zoe is confined to house arrest , where she alternates falling in love with her frequent visitor and parole officer , daly , and trying to prove her innocence to regain her life and freedom . 
in order to preserve her art and also herself , beyond death , for all posterity , she has herself cloned . 
he indeed is douglas ( timothy bottoms ) , a perfect look-a-like . 
juwanna mann follows the story of jamal jeffries ( miguel a . nunez , jr . ) , the reigning 'bad boy' of basketball , whose undisciplined on-court antics land him out of the league and without any prospects . 
the five protagonists of my film are women who have not been able to organize the large " stones " in their lives . 
her harrowing story ends in victory , but she has not forgotten the thousands of asylum seekers who remain in detention today . 
an unusual family and a staff of two are preparing a party on their cosy mansion . 
 " bums in the mist " will expose you to a world where alcohol is king and sloth is a virtue ; buddy george will discover , bums who are able to find love and professional success all while maintaining their " mondern frontiersman " lifestyle ; bums who's natural gifts enable them to move down the ladder of success at an astronomical rate ( or whatever the opposite of astronomical is ) and who's penchant for violence impact every aspect of their lives . 
unfortunately the third seems out of reach - the beautiful , seductive anne elise . 
gerry's daughter , mattie , accidentally prints out a dna code that in the wrong hands can end the human race . 
devastated by her husband's death from a drug overdose , philippa ( played by cate blanchett ) , a british teacher living in turin , italy , tries to bring justice to the biggest drug dealer in turin when the local police ignore her information about him . 
ex-special forces operator frank martin ( jason statham ) lives what seems to be a quiet life along the french mediterranean , hiring himself out as a mercenary " transporter " who moves goods - human or otherwise - from one place to another . 
upon sighting a small , previously not there , diner , he pulls in to find help . 
simon is desperately trying to save his internet personals business . 
a coming of age dramatic comedy dealing with the effect that two " summers " have on the lives of several teenagers . 
jack must then put his life in the hands of a series of characters that he just cannot seem to trust - for good reason , they lead him to a fate that jack could never have suspected - a tongue-in-check send-up of a classic urban myth . 
the movie introduces us to frankie ( played by david eigenberg ) a would-be romeo who will put himself though great pains to find his juliet . 
the friends may listen , but when do they learn maybe never or only when the journey begins with you . 
but what if it's lord voldemort trying to make his evil return ? 
their letter has been received in whitehall and merton corroborates their heroic story . 
their parents , miffed by this , decide to go and kidnap st . nick , unaware that their plan will soon backfire upon them in fun and happy ways . 
no one knows this better than 35-year-old vince , back in his hometown of van wert , ohio , after a 13-year absence . 
when his mom named him after warren beatty . . . 
tom , a spaniard , is married to sylvie and lives a quiet but a bit boring life in the britanny countryside ( west of france ) . 
he must do this in secret so that the parents and school personnel know nothing of his plan . 
{esther buffy} a young vibrant chinese american female who desperately tries to please her strict parents along the way of trying to find herself . 
when a ship sinks off the coast of argentina , ellen brachman , a clever and ambitious claims assessor for the rotterdam marine-insurance company european hayward , suspects a 'sinker' . 
then there's nicole , who gets her orgasmic intimacy watching chan every night . 
set during the cull of the stray dogs in the city of bucharest , the wild dogs weaves together a week in the lives of several citizens of and visitors to the hauntingly beautiful city . 
while treating a homicide detective for smoking , hypnotherapist michael strother has a telepathic vision of a young girl floating beneath the surface of a stream . 
everything is set for the perfect weekend , until one of the guests stumbles across an old history of the house with the power to unleash the horrors of scotland's past . 
behind every suicide bombing there is at least one human story that ends , the story of the suicide bomber . 
steve's best friend , sean , on the other hand , hasn't been so lucky . 
partnered with the sassy , stunning sistah girl , our hero must first undergo the ultimate attitude adjustment and trade in his 'fro and platforms for tennis sweaters and penny loafers . 
his house , container of lives and memories , is closed and locked . 
meanwhile , paro , on the other hand , performed her worldly duties sincerely , but inside her heart , she could never forget devdas for a moment . 
until then , he spends most of his time watching sloppy tearjerkers on video . 
this film is a prequel to all of the the house of the dead video games . 
as in his previous films , this kurdish director is again focusing on the oppression of his people . 
scott was on his way to work shooting a documentary in midtown manhattan on september 11th . 
a group of hi-tech troops are sent in to destroy the red dimension where the tall man gets his power , reggie ( reggie bannister ) follows so he can find mike ( a . 
ever have one of those lifetimes where nothing seems to go right ? 
paramount to her world is gene , a wealthy disturbed businessman who has slowly become her benefactor over the years . 
will superfag save the world from peckerhead's evil diabolical plan ? 
these divisions of play into gender roles cause the girls to start talking as if they were sociologists and psychologists discussing learned behaviors . 
the brass want to close out the case , nick and henry stay on it , and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop . 
see rare footage of some of the world's greatest kickboxers such as benny " the jet " urquidez , don " the dragon wilson and bill " superfoot " wallace . 
when two african american pilots become the first non-white soldiers in the camp , one turns up murdered and the other accused of killing a white sergeant . 
he reluctantly agrees to protect a child , pinta balletto ( fanning ) , whose parents are threatened by a rash of kidnappings . 
it becomes a harder choice than one might think . 
this startling film provides a gritty look into american politics in the new south . 
the internment of 120 , 000 innocent people was a dark moment in the history of this country . 
she tells him , and they go to the sonogram appointment together . 
billy is more a showbiz p . r agent than a legal lawyer and minipulates the tabloids into thinking roxie is no more than an innocent 'good time girl' who took the wrong path , than a scheming murderess . 
to ease their roommate ( selma blair ) through a relationship-induced depression , cameron diaz and christina applegate take her out on the town . 
shows that you should not fear death , but to fear an unlived life . 
each has their reason for wanting to be there - fame , money , adventure . 
when his sister meets a grisly death in san francisco , he goes there to hunt her killer . 
ray misses a chance to see his brother paul before he dies of cancer . 
principle photography began in july 1999 when the band , bering strait , entered the united states and began recording their first album in nashville . 
daniel soon gets his chance to find out when the basement floods and his mother insists daniel share his bedroom with robert while the plumbers fix the mess downstairs . . . 
in flashbacks that parallel his investigation , we see alicia , a scholarship girl worried about her grades , gradually pulled into the social life of three rich and amoral young women , led by the blond hadley , a femme fatale . 
nsa agent gibbons ( samuel l . jackson ) forces xxx to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground russian crime ring and avoid going to prison . 
in a fit of desperation he challenges god and vents that if only he had god's power , he could solve all his problems . 
guru gulab is married to vikrant's stepsister preeti ( preeti jhangiani ) . 
an action comedy prequel to spang olsen's box office hit in china they eat dogs . 
when blake is initiated , he agrees to abide by the three cardinal rules : share your spirit , body and soul with others ; devote your life to saving homeless kids ; and never leave unless the master casts you out . 
the pretense is that her father jake is dying . 
all of a sudden , simon vanishes and francis appears , charmingly succeeds to reverse all her plans . 
unable to remember his name or anything from his past life , he cannot get a job or an apartment , so he starts living on the outskirts of the city and slowly starts putting his life back on track . 
there's also a local detective ( swank ) who is conducting her own personal investigation . . . 
for oscar , diane is somewhat of a distraction , as his continued pursuit of eve leads to an unexpected resolution . 
when a young man agrees to housesit for his boss , he thinks it'll be the perfect opportunity to get close to the woman he desperately has a crush on - his boss's daughter . 
the movie features veteran horror heroines leslie culton and jenny wallace , and actors john saenz and jonathan tabor . 
he uses radical methods to get some mation from magneto , and plans an attack to prof . xavier's mutant school when there is only wolverine and the young students ( jean grey and storm are looking for a new mutant , nightcrawler , and xavier and clycops are in magneto's plastic prison ) . 
bret has an idea that will push them both across lines they'd never seriously considered crossing . 
a retired hitman fighting insomnia gets brought back into the fold of his old life when he encounters some shady characters from his past . 
burning clean follows johnny , a young man caught between the grinding poverty of the urban ghetto and a con artist mother who depends on him for survival , on the day he must forsake her to save himself . 
they discover that the one sho stole them is a rival of the criminal , while they go to every single one of his associates to find who has them . 
sad and alone , caroline wanders the exotic city in search of ansers , finality , and peace of mind . 
heavily pregnant , and wanting to terminate her pregnancy , she's on the run from the future parents , searching for sophie's old flame , ken . 
a 19th century insane asylum is memorialized by a captivating montage of inventories , histories , and brain surgeries . 
having transplanted herself to hawaii with no one's blessing but her own , anne marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene . . . 
although their friendship raises some eyebrows at first , radio's growth under the coach's guidance ultimately inspires the local townsfolk , from 1964 when he first starts helping the hanna yellow jackets football team , through a 38+ career with the school that continues today ( 2002 ) , including tenures as the head cheerleader , assistant coach and team manager . 
when stevie meets neil on the day he comes to deliver her brand new kitchen , it's already too late for love at first sight . 
when kanna comes back from nagpur both the persons he loved the most rupi and ghisu are not there for him . 
when she hears about her plan going awry , she collapses . 
when two thirteen-year-old boys fall deeply in love with her , they find themselves on a collision course with one another that could not only destroy their friendship , but take the tiny town of medda , alabama with them . 
when the general he's sent to kill delays his return to the country , john passes the time with manuela , a beautiful dancer who becomes his teacher and guide into argentina's sensual world of the tango . 
a malediction passed from generation to generation has it that any woman in her family who sings will die . 
his two buddies , sean and tim never have trouble in that department , and they set out to help in their own way . 
thus , it is only natural that kyle begins a steady decline towards becoming one of the monsters he despises . 
plot strands involve a trio of lost transvestites , two girls who never leave the toilets , a pair of innocent under-age drinkers and a guy who is determined to pierce his genitalia , but the central story follows ali as she sets out to humilate her former lover , mike , who slept with another woman . 
as " daddy day care " starts to catch on , it launches them into a highly comedic rivalry with chapman academy's tough-as-nails director ( anjelica huston ) . . . who has driven all previous competitors out of business . 
a malaysian government agency led by madame x , try to get the lost treasure on a sunken ship ( " mendam berahi " ) in sulu sea . 
after gruelling training sessions , the three succeed in robbing the bank , but things go haywire . 
ruled by instant gratification and material desires , they plot to steal a napoleon collection from one of their parents' homes . 
all the pieces in the mystery are finally starting to fit together , and the case seems almost resolved . 
and even if everything goes according to steve's " plan , " is it really enough ? 
this being the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros . 
of course love does triumph in the end , but it is found by the heart and only after the age-old adage of " to thine own self be true " is learned by one and all . 
this story centers around a divorced woman in her 30's and her daughter , who are caught up in a cat-and-mouse game inside their new new york brownstone when three burglars come looking for a hidden cache of cash . 
but even this new relationship is not enough to inspire him to write . 
an internet terrorist creates a computer source code based on the dna of a junkie . 
a greek film maker ( the narrator ) has his film banned by the military government in his own country . 
an alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to mouse , the impressionable boy ward of the pimp dewey . 
several former state and party functionaries interfere in the filmmaking in the hopes of manipulating katerina's confessions for their own purposes . 
first day on job publicist , a whisky drinking headbanger , a pimp from the ghetto , and a psychiatrist on crack end up in a barstow county desert with a corps and an " a " list celebrity who is hallucinating apes after drinking a soda contaminated with bug killer . 
the mafia's paul vitti ( de niro ) is back in prison and will need some serious counseling when he gets out . 
their world is about to fall apart when melanie moves out , taking benny with her . 
using every means necessary-manipulation , extortion , blackmail-they brought the kingpins of the record industry to their knees , creating a network that controlled top 40 airplay across the country . 
roger swanson is a hopelessly cynical advertising copywriter with a razor-sharp wit who believes he has mastered the art of manipulating women . 
centers on an american ex-soldier ( washington ) living out his days in naples , italy . 
otis wants to relive the old days , mark doesn't . 
but when fred is fired , the well runs dry , and our heroes come up with a new plan : make their own " adult " film . 
mel cobb leads a lonely existence in an apartment filled with clutter , his only contact with the outside world being as a weekend tele-marketer for a start-up newspaper which features stories on city road , bridge and tunnel construction workers in order to alleviate road rage among motorists who are stuck in traffic . 
lauren hynde ( shannyn sossamon ) is technically a virgin . 
eric has married his high school sweetheart , has a good job , his first house , yet he jokes about all the things he's missed in life . 
at the age of 34 , with no producing credits to his name , he landed a job as chief of production at paramount pictures . 
a new reality-style game show , " treasure hunt " has invited a cast of contestants , including a los angeles cop who's joined to try and make up for an earlier pr blunder , to a tropical island to hunt for a buried treasure worth ten million dollars . 
but starla soon learns that this french girl is not only smart , attractive , and naive , but quite conniving when geneviere , with no social life of her own , beings to take over starla's , starting with stealing the affections her parents , her friends and starla's boyfriend . 
boromir ( sean bean ) is dead , frodo baggins ( elijah wood ) and samwise gamgee ( sean astin ) have gone to mordor alone to destroy the one ring , merry ( dominic monaghan ) and pippin ( billy boyd ) have been captured by the uruk-hai , and aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) have made friends of the rohan , a race of humans that are in the path of the upcoming war , led by its aging king , th&#233 ; oden ( bernard hill ) . 
maenwhile , amelia and father amaro have fallen in love and have begun a passionate sexual relationship . 
figuring it will be a good way to make money fellow convict emmanuel 'mendy' ripstein ( peter falk ) sets up a prison boxing match between the two men to decide who is the real undisputed champ . 
this is the question posed to john wesley after a heavy night of drinking . 
passionada is the story of three generations of portuguese women in the fishing community of new bedford , ma . 
along the way , the two meet a male fugitive and bond with each other . 
his mother demands that he quickly make up for the lost money by committing an ill conceived and dangerous robbery . 
not having enough money , he angrily attempts to rape her . 
it captures the spirit of a small , country town as its citizens discover that beer definitely tastes better when it's free . 
a team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange . 
in her desperation she decides to live forever inside the holo-deck . 
once again , the case seems to be solved with this spectacular arrest . 
not a long time ago she was a successful popstar whose life consisted in hosting tv shows and signing autographs . 
to avenge the lives of loved ones he has lost , robert must hunt down , pursue and find each of the tong members . 
patricia mistakes a truck drivers destination and strands in las vegas . 
as she makes her way through the dazed world of the city's junkies , only one person seems able to provide any help : the obsessive and self-destructive miles , the last of the city's security officers . 
luster is a refreshingly funny and sexy look at unrequited love . 
the first involves a band of five teens that escape from a drug rehabilitation center to cash in on a questionable promise of salvation from the psychopathic reverend salo jr . ( vincent lamberti ) . 
she wants justice and will do anything to get it . 
horace seeks the repair of his masculine identity damaged by a partner who won't make love to him . 
a steadfast critic of united states foreign policy for decades , in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks of september 11th , his profile took a quantum leap as he provided much-needed analysis and historical perspective to concerned citizens throughout the world . 
18-year old dean is handsome and bright , but feels hampered by his working-class background and by his family . 
'brass tacks' is a 35mm feature length , narrative drama . 
the four reluctantly come together when they have to return a human child to its father while braving the deadly elements of the impending ice age . 
to what sweet end is the story of a reunion between mary and david , who were once passionate lovers - for two weeks , thirty-five years ago and haven't seen each other since . 
realizing they are facing a tough adversary , lynn and sue become fascinated with hong as well . 
but without a doubt , chomsky , now 73 , is one of the most straight-talking and committed dissidents of our time . 
and some of these ghosts are down right unfriendly . 
roland enlists the aid of a dr . maud bailey , an expert on the life of the woman in question . 
the water game is a teen action drama following a group of graduating high school students as they embark on playing a spy vs . spy type game three weeks prior to graduation . 
another story follows the relationship between a stepfather ( neeson ) and his young stepson . 
four friends journey dow life's paths to find out whether god or society has the right to decide the good or the evil . 
he tries to distract charlie any way he can . 
however to keep the image of him as a sex guru going he has to get more lessons from sharonna whom he begins to fall for despite using her . 
lessons abound for the students and teacher culminating in a reunion 25 years later . 
when siti starts her " siapa mr cinderella " show , kumin is among the hundreds of fake mr cinderella that participates in the show to collect the reward . 
rachael is called to travel home by ex-boyfriend rafe , to a small bleak island in the north sea that she ran away from some 5 years ago to find her wayward mother . 
a portrait of a generation that has evolved into individuals and lost respect for the gift of love . 
they are under the impression that models have more beauty than brains and are not capable of much more than looking good . 
ricky rides her motorcycle among real and imagined dangers , to arrive unscathed , but unalterably changed , at the end of summer . 
can he kill repeatedly and still come out the winner ? 
but fate and their youthful dreams still have tricks to play . . . 
indeed , it appears that all of his advances go unnoticed on this lovely but embittered singled mom . 
in their late twenties and tired of partying their way around the world , danish marie and irish sophie come ashore in northern scotland . 
a story of faith , family relations , and finding yourself . 
their stories of desire , talent , conviction , obsession and addiction are woven together and build up to a climactic series of events that bring them to opening night . 
a smart comedy about a day in the life of a barbershop on the south side of chicago . 
he naively muddles through an underworld of illegal immigrants , immigration lawyers and the ins , and the love of an american girl of indian origin . 
upon arrival at the space station orbiting an ocean world called solaris a psychologist discovers that the commander of an expedition to the planet has died mysteriously . 
john connor ( nick stahl ) is living in the streets as a hacker . 
her mother's friends , who formed a secret society , the ya-ya sisterhood , as children , kidnap siddalee from her new york apartment and take her home to louisiana , where they explain why her mother mistreated her with help from the secret ya-ya scrapbook ( and copious flashbacks ) . 
amerika and zed aim to free their friend from the clutches of his nutburger girlfriend by enlisting the aid of the sappho carpet cleaners for some wet work . 
so when a jamaican family move in next door and build a cricket net in the back garden , david is in seventh heaven . 
he's confused , he's hurt , and he doesn't know what to do . 
in an attempt to make a new identity for himself , dizzy gets himself expelled from his high school , learns the technics of being cool from a prison inmate , and enrolls at a new high school under the alias gil harris , to make new friends where he soon gains respect from the jocks and geeks alike . 
their timing and desperate behavior trigger a horror so powerful , no six-shooter can put a dent in it . 
he , his brother dan , and two other men , steve hart and joe byrne , formed a gang . 
however , just as velma's star fell , so does roxie's , when go-to-hell kitty arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge , the press forget roxie and now she and velma are in the same boat . 
although attorney matt murdock is blind , his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness . 
the truly independent film , the after school special , was a simple story that said so much and touched people in so many ways . 
sus problemas empiezan cuando bigardo , un presentador de televisi&#243 ; n con problemas de audiencia , decide convertirlo en un &#237 ; dolo de masas . 
real problems arise when he awakes to discover that his right hand is missing . 
the film also features the hawaii-born superstars of professional sumo : konishiki , jesse " takamiyama " kuhaulua , and akebono ( the first non-japanese to reach the exalted rank of yokozuna , or grand champion ) . 
when a cia agent is killed during a nuclear arms purchase , his partner oakes ( anthony hopkins ) , recruits his twin brother , jake hayes ( chris rock ) . 
the judge gives him until the end of the day to present the papers and thus begins a cat and mouse game between the proponents . 
however , nicholas cannot keep the creature hidden forever and must eventually face his own feelings . 
sassy postgrad elle woods ( witherspoon ) is all about animal rights . 
but when it comes down to it , the one thing stopping you from living your dreams is you . 
jordan is a mom &#38 ; an activist who is on a life long search for true faith as she tries to protect her only child from what she believes is injustice . 
the romantic triangle leads to a surprising conclusion as the young man's secret motive has explosive consequences . 
this particular weekend strays from the usual when adam meets a girl at a party ( a simple incident which drives his best friend to the brink of a jealous rage ) . 
after a couple of near-successes , they go for broke by planning an elaborate kidnapping scheme that can't miss . 
on their way to riker's and troi's honeymoon , the enterprise is sent near the neutral zone to romulan space , and picks up a prototypic twin of android data . 
so she writes it using info from people who talk about him and writes an unflattering piece , which doesn't make him happy . 
years of guilt and sorrow tumble over each other as vince struggles to retain his sanity and understand who it is he is hoping to find alive . 
years after escaping to the wastelands outside the city , claire , one of the few people left who is not an addict , returns looking for the one man who still matters to her . 
with the help of his two brothers &#193 ; kos , a successful manager and sex maniac , and andr&#225 ; s , a poet and complete loser , he tries to make a good impression on the american and persuade him to finance the film project . 
sensing that he has become but another mark for his mother to con , johnny flees with her money . 
it is late at night in a foreign land . 
maggie finds that life can take many unexpected turns as she discovers mateo has risked a dangerous trip at sea and he has made it to miami . 
given the circumstances , kyle might have been acquitted on the grounds of temporary insanity or perhaps even convicted of the lesser charge of manslaughter , but the fact that a federal policeman was also killed in the shooting , albeit accidentally , sent kyle to marquezas . 
several years after his release , his drug-using father manny comes back into his life and kilo reluctantly welcomes him back with a job overseeing all of his drug runners . 
when gene returns , lillian finds herself caught in the middle of a triangle . 
the film focuses on the relationships between each of the four people and what happens when an affair takes place between two of them who are not married to each other and logically betraying the two remaining characters . 
haris seems to be an all-american guy except that he creates strange installations of hanging ropes , and suffers from terrible visions- of himself as a child in afghanistan in traditional dress , of smoke and bombs , of his dead parents and the russian soldier who shot them during the soviet invasion . 
after selling the shop to a local loan shark , calvin slowly begins to see his father's vision and legacy and struggles with the notion that he just sold it out . 
an 11 year old boy has been excluded from school for rough behaviour . 
april's shower demands you to ask how far would you go for true love and if you have the strength to live in your truth . 
chris , a radio dj , and his wife , katrin , who works at a truck stop , are friends with uwe , who owns a snack bar , and his wife , ellen , who sells perfume . 
a peruvian film that tells the story of the bank robberies' legend , orlando gonz&#225 ; les best known as django . 
one whom he could never love and one whom he could never stop loving . . . 
also , there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players . 
at first this encounter with his past is pleasant until julie's ex-boyfriend ben shows up . 
through the guidance of his doctor , he confronts his painful past and begins a quest to find the family he never knew . 
by the end of their phenomenal run , this unheralded group of musicians had played on more number ones hits than the beach boys , the rolling stones , elvis and the beatles combined - which makes them the greatest hit machine in the history of popular music . 
at first shocked into disbelief , amudha then expresses her determination to search out for her biological mother . 
fate brings emma and bret together and they discover shared disdain for clients who collect art to impress others , follow the current trend or think only in terms of investment value . 
at the same time , sanitarian doctor oswaldo cruz comes back to brazil after three years in paris , where he had studied in the pasteur institute . 
dejected , schmitz discovers robert stephens , a young , gay britney impersonator . 
the film centres around three female supermodels who live and work together . 
jerry and nick are two best buddies whose love lives have hit rock bottom , jerry's especially , having just vomited all over his fiance on a hot air balloon trip prior to proposing to her . 
he tells mitchell that he is now in debt . 
anton jackson is an african-american man who seems harmless enough on the surface , but is a secret agent in the all-black brotherhood , an entity that levels the playing field against the all-white establishment . 
a " film poem " which is a 2002 updated version of the famous 1936 general post office film 'night mail ( 1936 ) ' . 
the film culminates with the band's arrival on the u . s . stage at wolf trap national park . 
jimmy wayne garrick is bitten by a stray dog one night on his way home and becomes obsessed with the idea that he is becoming a werewolf . 
the boarders between life and stage merge and makes him to the mockery of his follow human beings . 
using everything from closely mic-ed subjects to infrared video standing by yourself gets uncomfortably close to its subjects as they get drunk and high , squander money , rip-off their parents , and get in trouble with pretty much everyone in their paths as a conduit to simply having a good time . 
a young man is found bruised , beaten and stumbling down a secluded road . 
well , robert's not a suitable chinese girl - but is he gay ? 
they go through three days of hell , friendship , madness and hope . 
what he doesn't know yet is that these traits are part of the disguisey family secret legacy . 
puzzled , he turns for help from a private cyber detective . 
salvation comes in the form of their american landlord simon cotton ( henry thomas ) and his brother neil ( marc blucas ) . 
within the drama , another of the principal persons is a corrupt cia agent sands who at that time , demands retribution from his worst enemy in order to carry out the drug lord's uprising against the government . 
ultimately she discovers that what appears on the surface to be true quite often is not . 
while finding his wheelchair bound mother franticly searching in the garden for cigarettes , paul wrestles with the idea of stopping her or allowing her to indulge in her one great pleasure . 
in order to arrive at a possible explanation , michael moore takes on a deeper examination of america's culture of fear , bigotry and violence in a nation with widespread gun ownership . 
these two stories are simultaneously linked to the work and life of virginia woolf , who's writing the novel mentioned before . 
whilst their former companions strider , legolas , gimli , merry and pippin make new allies in the ents , the riders of rohan and the stewards of gondor and launch an assault on isengard . 
in 1870's the u . s marshall mike s . blueberry tries to stop wally blount , the man who killed his girlfriend from getting to a stockpile of gold hidden in indian territory . 
mitchell listens to a chilling conversation as he realizes harry's friend is the red neck who tried to attack him earlier . 
the driver races to locate a kidnapped victim locked in the trunk of an abandoned car somewhere on the water's edge . 
here she encounters the menacing dennis betts ( clive russell ) and in an attempt to flee from him , she &#237 ; s forced to hide in a car belonging to daniel stone ( douglas henshall ) , a hospital porter . 
a poetic drama about a young military driven boy named sean who recieves a video tape of a murder , only to discover that it's a government operation that he has interfered with . 
one day alice enters the shop with her little daughter . 
he retires from his dangerous job after his best pal kamandag was killed by a mysterious kidnapping syndicate leader . 
in his flight he encounters sonya , a young bosnian mother desperately trying to return home to see her son . 
joe hickley thinks he's got a great scheme : kidnap the child of rich parents , hold it for 24 hours , keeping the mother under his control while an accomplice gets the ransom from the father , who is on a trip . 
the task of stopping them falls to young detective danny berdan , a man not afraid of bending rules to apprehend his prey . 
bruce nolan is a television reporter , who is currently assigned what he considers to be undignified assignments , that has him being the butt of a joke . 
desperate to help his son , scott heads back home , leaving a substitute claus to watch over things at the pole . 
however both amerika and zed get more than they bargained for when the carpet cleaners carry out their diabolical plan . 
the harrowing rescue of the young woman opens the door to a dark history hidden below the surface , revealing the true identity of the killer and answering the mystery of who killed jack's daughter . 
 " dylan's run " chronicles the experiences of dylan glenn , the great-grandson of emancipated slaves , as he seeks to become the first black republican from the deep south elected to congress since reconstruction . 
eventually , she aims to get children with francis and raise them far away from las vegas , at a place , apparently suggested by simon , called " shangri-la " . 
throughout the rest of the movie , the two never got along , whereas mitch is trying to investigate the whereabouts of a criminal who possesses a mythical " big gun " that has enough firepower to collapse a house , while trey just wants to be famous . 
simon , an angel sent by god shows jordan a clear path . 
both , ghisu and rupi are in a situation ; where on one side is their love for kanna and on the other side is the conviction to fight for justice . 
dr . akash sinha is a respected neuro surgeon , who too is no less devoted to his professional than his father . 
marco and melanie , a young married couple , are living a life of passion , with chaotic situations , and all the little frustrations of daily life . 
nete's father becomes bitter and introvert , but nete insists that he come to live with her and her family the few weeks he has left . 
sanjana and aditya retreat to ooty to give a last chance to their crumbling marriage . 
