smart and alert , thirteen conversations about one thing is a small gem . 
color , musical bounce and warm seas lapping on island shores . and just enough science to send you home thinking . 
it is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another . 
a light-hearted french film about the spiritual quest of a fashion model seeking peace of mind while in a love affair with a veterinarian who is a non-practicing jew . 
my wife is an actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . in the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more . 
works both as an engaging drama and an incisive look at the difficulties facing native americans . 
even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture . 
when perry fists a bull at the moore farm , it's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart . 
the characters . . . are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script . 
the script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material . 
the bland outweighs the nifty , and cletis tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is . 
directed by david twohy with the same great eye for eerie understatement that he brought to pitch black . 
it's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . you could put it on a coffee table anywhere . 
provides the kind of 'laugh therapy' i need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . after seeing 'analyze that , ' i feel better already . 
worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees . 
watching the film is like reading a times portrait of grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it . 
despite these annoyances , the capable clayburgh and tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age . 
it's a good thing that woolly mammoths are extinct , because this movie will have every kid in the schoolyard wishing for their very own . 
preposterous and tedious , sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure . 
4ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly . 
si el siglo xxi necesita de hйroes , el hombre araсa parece haber llegado para quedarse . 
it's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins . 
it desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time . 
writer/director walter hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable . 
hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script . 
extremely well cast , especially in the large number of supporting roles . 
a chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th century france : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 . 
a dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation . 
impostor doesn't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast . 
though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting . 
if you can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore , you'll see del toro has brought unexpected gravity to blade ii . 
there's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there's nothing else happening . 
a work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse . 
it helps that lil bow wow . . . tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid . 
a mimetic approximation of better films like contempt and 8 1/2 . 
eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . but even a hero can stumble sometimes . 
nair doesn't use [monsoon wedding] to lament the loss of culture . instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions . 
stuffed to the brim with ideas , american instigator michael moore's film is a rambling examination of american gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition . 
 . . . a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original . 
fontaine's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal . 
starts slowly , but adrien brody – in the title role – helps make the film's conclusion powerful and satisfying . 
a refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market . 
you really have to salute writer-director haneke ( he adapted elfriede jelinek's novel ) for making a film that isn't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch . 
barry convinces us he's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful . 
a distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of hogan's heroes star bob crane . 
there's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . or for the year , for that matter . 
director dan verete uses his camera as the metaphoric needle , and his cast in each segment as his thread , to form a sweeping tapestry of mis-explanation and contention . 
waydowntown just like most large cities , isn't somewhere you'll want to spend the rest of your life , but it sure is a fun place to visit for a while . 
the acting in pauline and paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is debrauwer's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons . 
the only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants . . . who might be distracted by the movie's quick movements and sounds . 
there's lots of cool stuff packed into espn's ultimate x . 
it gets old quickly . watch barbershop again if you're in need of a cube fix--this isn't worth sitting through . 
harland williams is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment . 
the film's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise . 
it's the kind of film where the villain even gives an evil look for his passport photo . how can you resist that ? 
plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year . 
a broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that's pretty toxic in its own right . 
just a kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . but it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit . 
this is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you've been sitting still . 
with a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this cinderella story doesn't have a single surprise up its sleeve . but it does somehow manage to get you under its spell . 
a charming trifle . . . a welcome return to jocular form . 
it's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller . 
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace . 
there's suspension of disbelief and then there's bad screenwriting . . . this film packs a wallop of the latter . 
little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
anyone who can count to five ( the film's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going . 
every defiantly over-the-top action scene -- from high-stakes car chases to fearsome drug busts -- seizes your adrenal gland and milks it like an epileptic farmer . 
kosminsky . . . puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting . 
a sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one's mother . 
if the story lacks bite , the performances are never less than affectionate . 
a deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed . 
ice age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on . 
i like my christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho's . 
ferrara's strongest and most touching movie of recent years . 
skip work to see it at the first opportunity . 
both the film and nachtwey's photos hammer home the grim reality of the world's gutters and battlefields , and will make you question what 'news' really is . 
so relentlessly wholesome it made me want to swipe something . 
shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to earth for harvesting purposes . 
that 'alabama' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) . . . 
against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine . 
nicely combines the enigmatic features of 'memento' with the hallucinatory drug culture of 'requiem for a dream . '
it is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come . 
japan's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date . 
the work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency . 
in the spirit of voltaire and moliиre , on guard volleys great wit and deadly gestures in a milieu of lush apparel , landscapes , captivating music and 18th-century lacy sleeves . 
while holm is terrific as both men and hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise . 
while hollywood ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity . 
ultimately , in the history of the academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about " chicago " in 2002 . zellweger's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida . simple y sencillamente te sorprenderб . 
not since japanese filmmaker akira kurosawa's ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur . 
the video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being 'naturalistic' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it's exhausting to watch . 
the screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as hip-hop scooby-doo . 
the next big thing's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot ) directorial debut . 
the cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing . 
judging from the strength of this superbly enigmatic film , oliveira himself seems far from ready to go home . 
passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats . 
christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their lord as a luv-spreading dr . feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise god for delivering such an instant camp classic . 
aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships . 
if festival in cannes nails hard- boiled hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing . 
the movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects . 
it's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt miramax felt they owed to benigni . 
when your subject is illusion versus reality , shouldn't the reality seem at least passably real ? 
confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when i have to put up with 146 minutes of it . 
sitting in the third row of the imax cinema at sydney's darling harbour , but i sometimes felt as though i was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
may be far from the best of the series , but it's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation . 
the result reverberates on the screen with a deadly force and fury more intense than anything mr . scorsese has yet achieved on the meanest and most beloved streets he could imagine or recall . 
it has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience . 
the leaping story line , shaped by director peter kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits . 
it's too interested in jerking off in all its byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience . 
for a rapsploitation film to target and frown upon the darker forces of its nature is certainly a good sign for the maturation of the genre . 
a movie that doesn't aim too high , but doesn't need to . 
the kind of movie that seduces you into becoming putty in its manipulative card-sharking hands and making you enjoy being taken in by its shameless contrivance . 
an erotic thriller that's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either . 
the best part about " gangs " was daniel day-lewis . 
the work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims . 
rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in trouble every day . 
the disjointed mess flows as naturally as jolie's hideous yellow 'do . 
the plan to make enough into ‘an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller' has flopped as surely as a soufflй gone wrong . 
the movie is our story as much as it is schmidt's , no matter if it's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale . 
raunchy though [cho's] material is , it embraces all comers , regardless of gender , sexuality , race or ethnicity . and it's never been sharper -- or funnier -- than it is here . 
fans of behan's work and of irish movies in general will be rewarded by borstal boy . 
miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness . 
this is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship . 
 . . . has its moments , but ultimately , its curmudgeon doesn't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites . 
human nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal . 
anchored by friel and williams's exceptional performances , the film's power lies in its complexity . nothing is black and white . 
the writers , director wally wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : kappa rho alpha phi . 
like its title character , this nicholas nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end . 
it has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing . 
what one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream . 
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country . 
louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother hoffman's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just doesn't make sense . 
an unsatisfying hybrid of blair witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living . 
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat . 
as it turns out , you can go home again . 
using his audience as a figurative port-of-call , dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead . 
in the era of the sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic . 
instead of trying to bust some blondes , [diggs] should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad . 
the movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man . 
even if the world doesn't see things the way [michael moore] does , his questions are worth asking . … and bowling for columbine benefits from his iconoclastic zeal . 
the only thing i laughed at were the people who paid to see it . 
scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern lothario . 
about amy's cuteness , amy's career success ( she's a best-selling writer of self-help books who can't help herself ) , and amy's neuroses when it comes to men . 
automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf . 
part of the film's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz . 
a very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage . 
one of the best cat-and-mouse movies to come along in a while , leo has great fun in the role . 
kids who are into this thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning . 
who is this movie for ? not kids , who don't need the lesson in repugnance . it's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are 'edgy . '
open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , talk to her is a cinephile's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations . 
with spy kids 2 : the island of lost dreams , the spy kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a james bond series for kids . 
oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between . 
resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad blair witch project . 
the acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing . 
a moving and weighty depiction of one family's attempts to heal after the death of a child . 
a science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left . 
depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles . 
la cinta comienza intentando ser un drama , rбpidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
watching the chemistry between freeman and judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing . almost . 
a thoroughly unoriginal , but fast-paced and entertaining genre b-flick
a dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going . 
 . . . devastatingly direct to the heart of the matter , demonstrating that there is no easy walk toward peace in a region with such strong conflicting traditions
a modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers . 
a heartfelt , understated and occasionally heavy-handed slice of heartland . 
mostly , [goldbacher] just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human . 
let's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate . 
how do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? on the evidence before us , the answer is clear : not easily and , in the end , not well enough . 
treats a potentially explosive set-up with adult reflection and thoughtfulness . 
there's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes . 
most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . the movie isn't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave . 
i can't say this enough : this movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies . 
[majidi] makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day . 
not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream american audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit . 
but this is lohman's film . her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks . 
this tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , nicholas meyer's star trek vi : the undiscovered country . 
the movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it . 
broomfield's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient . 
neither the funniest film that eddie murphy nor robert de niro has ever made , showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway . 
it's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . unfortunately , that's precisely what arthur dong's family fundamentals does . 
any chekhov is better than no chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years . 
at best , cletis tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience . 
niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in hollywood , only god speaks to the press
it treats us to beautiful insights and tragic struggles that swell the heart and make us feel genuine empathy for two people embracing the truth amidst a pack of lies . 
completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that i'm not sure could be a single iota worse . . . a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage . 
not a stereotype is omitted nor a clichй left unsaid . 
this 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes , but it's a tad slow . 
the overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries . 
mr . jacobi's recitation is illustrated with a rush of sensuous nature imagery , beautifully photographed by mr . cox and hans sonneveld and underscored with a lush soundtrack by paul grabowsky . 
the acting is uniformly excellent , with kyra sedgwick and fairuza balk in particular deserving to be singled out for praise . 
who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the 'qatsi' trilogy , directed by godfrey reggio , with music by philip glass ? 
'rare birds' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience . 
a baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie [woody allen] has made in the last twenty years . 
it all drags on so interminably it's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time . 
reminiscent of david mamet's elaborate screen bluffs -- only livelier , more playful . 
the cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing . 
if you love motown music , you'll love this documentary . 
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust . 
stephen rea , aidan quinn , and alan bates play desmond's legal eagles , and when joined by brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , 'tis . 
the verdict : two bodies and hardly a laugh between them . 
minority report is exactly what the title indicates , a report . 
[reno] delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion . 
inside the film's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it's not that , it's the tension that keeps you in your seat . affleck and jackson are good sparring partners . 
the movie is a desperate miscalculation . it gives poor dana carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time . 
the most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from portugal . 
one hour photo offers a very interesting snapshot of some decidedly modern pathologies -- suburban alienation and the illusions generated by the advent of the photographic image . 
it showcases carvey's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one's patience to get to the good stuff . 
it is best appreciated as an immersion in a three-dimensional toyland outfitted with enough whimsical gadgetry to fill a thousand playrooms . 
children may not understand everything that happens -- i'm not sure even miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted . 
the problem isn't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball . 
nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises . 
the film's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it's propelled by the acting . 
focuses on joan's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with spanish inquisitions about her " madness " so much that i became mad that i wasted 123 minutes and $9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device . 
a chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody . 
the title helpfully offers the most succinct review of it you'll read anywhere . 
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking . 
a bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that french realism . 
the waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter . 
this slight slice of l . a . life is distinguished by two fine , subtle performances . 
for all the wit and hoopla , festival in cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships . 
'a fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror . 
the film isn't especially dynamic , but it brims with insightful , poignant memories from survivors . 
there's no denying how nice it is to see veteran actors bob hoskins , michael caine and helen mirren interacting with each other on screen . 
vaguely interesting , but it's just too too much . 
between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap . 
great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex . 
a great script brought down by lousy direction . same guy with both hats . big mistake . 
this is , not to put too fine a point on it , a swashbuckler , a costume drama . if you love that old story form , you will be in old-fogy heaven , as it is nearly a perfect example of a genre that died out years ago . 
like to think of the film as local hero for kids , as the boy has to adapt from his urban kid lifestyle to the slow , simple ways of generations before . will he do it ? will it work out ? can love overcome ? 
bisset still commands the screen as the graceful and outspoken frances . 
for its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded . 
tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances . 
lazy , miserable and smug . this is one of the biggest disappointments of the year . 
the story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy . 
as underwater ghost stories go , below casts its spooky net out into the atlantic ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the bermuda triangle . 
i don't even care that there's no plot in this antonio banderas-lucy liu faceoff . it's still terrible ! 
in its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation . 
the film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . immediately . 
city by the sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . but how it washed out despite all of that is the project's prime mystery . 
there is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time . 
the major problem with windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character . 
apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it . 
the level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter . 
stage director sam mendes showcases tom hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge . 
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course . 
though this film can be clumsy , its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial . 
being author wells' great-grandson , you'd think filmmaker simon wells would have more reverence for the material . but this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film . 
[i]t's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but barbershop isn't as funny as it should be . 
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
unlike his directorial efforts , la femme nikita and the professional , the transporter lacks besson's perspective as a storyteller . 
it's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong . 
the actors are all charged up by their roles , and it rubs off on us : you walk out with a caffeine- and-doughnut high . 
naipaul fans may be disappointed . those who are not acquainted with the author's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep . 
it may . . . work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised scooby-doo shows or reruns . 
it's mildly amusing , but i certainly can't recommend it . 
the country bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either . 
much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , haneke has a different objective in mind--namely the implications of our craving for fake stimulation . 
nothing in waking up in reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay . 
juliette binoche's sand is vivacious , but it's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile . 
the noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in sorority boys , whose makers apparently believe that women's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction . 
the film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original new testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries . 
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half . 
while this one gets off with a good natured warning , future lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work . 
it's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in there's something about mary and devise a parallel clone-gag . 
aside from being the funniest movie of the year , simone , andrew niccol's brilliant anti-hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it . 
a morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . it's a feature-length adaptation of one of those " can this marriage be saved ? " columns from ladies home journal . . . 
the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
a love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats . 
speaking in terms of spectacle , craft , romance and humor , it's the movie to beat this summer . 
imamura has said that warm water under a red bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . it may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made . 
huppert gives erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she'll crack . 
too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century . 
there is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when friel pulls the strings that make williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in williams is as visceral as a gut punch . 
jonathan parker's bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films . 
light the candles , bring out the cake and don't fret about the calories because there's precious little substance in birthday girl -- it's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat . 
it's like a " big chill " reunion of the baader-meinhof gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists . 
it is too bad that this likable movie isn't more accomplished . the actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward . 
the fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious . 
a cheerful enough but imminently forgettable rip-off of [besson's] earlier work . 
typifies the pros and cons of the films that india churns out . 
the film is ultimately about as inspiring as a hallmark card . 
pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical . 
attal's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare i say , outdated , it's a wonder that he couldn't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident . 
those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one . 
secretary " is owned by its costars , spader and gyllenhaal . maggie g . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen . 
the message becomes the savior for " the country bears , " an equal parts silly and sweet tale that wears its great big ol' heart on its grizzly-sized sleeve . 
an interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama . 
the merchant-ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage . 
impossible as it may sound , this film's heart is even more embracing than monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition . 
this is one of jaglom's most accessible and genuinely enjoyable films . 
the movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors' moments . 
a rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics . 
why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ? 
if much of me without you strikes a familiar chord , it also intelligently captures the difficulties that can disrupt even a close friendship . 
national lampoon's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
i'm not sure which half of dragonfly is worse : the part where nothing's happening , or the part where something's happening , but it's stupid . 
the huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent . 
as it stands , there's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more . 
a somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race . 
a cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic ladies and gentlemen , the fabulous stains . . . crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential . 
the success of undercover brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally . 
there's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television . 
the boys' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on guei , wears down the story's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements . 
it's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there tolstoy groupies out there ? it's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
when the fire burns out , we've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that's where the film ultimately fails . 
few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands . 
blade ii is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time . 
this film puts wang at the forefront of china's sixth generation of film makers . 
like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably won't see the next six . 
there isn't one moment in the film that surprises or delights . 
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone's guess . 
it's not a great monster movie . but if you've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there's guilty fun to be had here . chomp chomp ! 
an uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . 
spider-man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units . 
what lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map . 
although barbershop boasts some of today's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ‘70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom . 
an average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son's discovery of his homosexuality . 
'enigma' is the kind of engaging historical drama that hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of 'we were soldiers . '
the film takes the materials of human tragedy and dresses them in lovely costumes , southern california locations and star power . 
it's an engrossing and thought-provoking examination of the overriding will to power and the morality of its application . 
a subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility . 
we can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer . 
half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder . . . would be more at home on a daytime television serial . 
narrative may be looser than baby teeth , but amy's orgasm is such a verbosely in-depth exploration of female sensuality and identity . 
fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation . . . well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care . 
benefits from a strong performance from zhao , but it's dong jie's face you remember at the end . 
as elegantly crafted as it often is , anderson's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame . 
the plot is paper-thin and the characters aren't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours . 
if you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with the salton sea . 
dreamworks is to be commended for attempting to develop a form that , with the inauguration of the oscar for best animated feature , can only benefit from such tinkering . 
the minor figures surrounding [bobby] . . . form a gritty urban mosaic . 
it's not like having a real film of nijinsky , but at least it's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered . 
if hill isn't quite his generation's don siegel ( or robert aldrich ) , it's because there's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it's all bluster and clichй . 
showtime's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . those who trek to the 'plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . but ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as mr . de niro . 
a droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the lone star state . 
[the kid's] just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow . 
da primeira seqькncia de luta а piada que encerra a histуria , o espectador jamais desgruda os olhos da tela , saindo do cinema com a sensaзгo de que gastou bem seu dinheiro . 
[smith] simply celebrates the universal desire to fashion our homes for our needs and desires . 
the sum of all fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it's really nothing more than warmed-over cold war paranoia . 
there's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces . 
a well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ‘direct-to-video' release . 
a lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless . 
largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers . 
as 'chick flicks' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting . 
the large-frame imax camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers . 
performances are potent , and the women's stories are ably intercut and involving . 
peter jackson has done the nearly impossible . he has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . what jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
twenty years later , e . t . is still a cinematic touchstone . 
it's simply delightful to watch an actor like michel serrault do his stuff . 
it's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between morgan and redgrave . 
for his first attempt at film noir , spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future . 
the process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the battle of the bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission . 
it looks good , but it is essentially empty . 
this documentary by stacy peralta makes a convincing case on behalf of skateboarding , of all things , as a catalyst for this change , and for some delinquent youths in a derelict los angeles neighborhood as its agents . 
the movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it weren't true . this is the stuff that disney movies are made of . 
weirdly , broomfield has compelling new material but he doesn't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car . 
this is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous . 
by the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest cannot be revived . 
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any plympton film : boring . 
it's a movie -- and an album -- you won't want to miss . 
a work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director eric byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy . 
in their love for each other and their ability to move on , the women are , in a way , lovely and amazing . 
not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . it merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them . 
directed without the expected flair or imagination by hong kong master john woo , windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length . 
this is just lazy writing . even kids deserve better . 
delia , greta , and paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . as each of them searches for their place in the world , miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity . 
what's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class . 
diaz , applegate , blair and posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused . 
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell . 
the only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers . 
sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his halloween trip to the haunted house . 
the story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive . 
that rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed . 
it's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once . 
like schindler's list , the grey zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way . 
this version does justice both to stevenson and to the sci-fi genre . 
australia : land beyond time is an enjoyable big movie primarily because australia is a weirdly beautiful place . 
tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star . 
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes . 
insomnia is involving . still , i thought it could have been more . 
that dogged good will of the parents and 'vain' jia's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums . 
the film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence . 
[n]o matter how much good will the actors generate , showtime eventually folds under its own thinness . 
never mind whether you buy the stuff about barris being a cia hit man . the kooky yet shadowy vision clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive . 
 . . . you can be forgiven for realizing that you've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for frida to just die already . 
the film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of ms . ambrose . 
 . . . surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs . 
 . . . more evocative than many other anime features , with its echoes of classic science fiction and contemporary cyberpunk . 
there are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness . 
bollywood/hollywood is a happy , carefree trifle of a movie that is easy to savour because it is so undemanding yet so rewarding . 
it's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget . 
even if you've seen " stomp " ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this ! 
casting its gaze on painting masterworks and thousands of jewel-encrusted , elaborately costumed extras , russian ark is like nothing you've ever seen . 
brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate . 
time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool " clockstoppers , " but that doesn't mean it still won't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life . 
no matter how firmly director john stainton has his tongue in his cheek , the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make . 
warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . i loved this film . 
weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger . but its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell . 
has all the right elements but completely fails to gel together . 
more entertaining than much of the big-studio schlock out there . 
by the end , you just don't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please ! 
i cry for i spy -- or i would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-tv spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind . 
a soggy , shapeless mess . . . just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie . 
kidd deals with lust and egoism the way a surgeon is interested in a tumor . he exposes ugly attitudes but maintains compassion for his mean-spirited subject . 
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there's no scene that screams " bathroom break ! " 
in an effort , i suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy . 
 . . . pray doesn't have a passion for the material . he nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race . 
somehow ms . griffiths and mr . pryce bring off this wild welsh whimsy . 
it's everything you don't go to the movies for . 
first-time writer-director dylan kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people . 
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you're up for that sort of thing . 
spider-man is in the same category as x-men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around . 
unfortunately , neither sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate . 
chan's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy . 
the first hour is tedious though ford and neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie . 
[hell is] looking down at your watch and realizing serving sara isn't even halfway through . 
it has plenty of laughs . it just doesn't have much else . . . especially in a moral sense . 
full of unforgiving irony and quiet realism , a song for martin stands as a powerful and moving achievement . 
even with harris's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe lear's soul-stripping breakdown . 
while cherish doesn't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem . 
 " maid in manhattan " is a charmer , a pc " pretty woman " that ditches the odious prostitution theme for class commentary
mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity . 
a generic international version of a typical american horror film . 
even if britney spears is really cute , her movie is really bad . 
every time you look , sweet home alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn . 
the film has an infectious enthusiasm and we're touched by the film's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport . 
if you're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you're at the right film . 
it's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime . 
the longer one watches this determinedly ragged portrait of blue-collar teenage desperation . . . the more one gets absorbed in the utter unbridled nihilism of its 'characters . '
unfortunately this film will not satisfy if you are looking to discover the missing link , but if you are simply interested in humor and some 'interesting' footage , to say the least , you will not be disappointed . 
 . . . comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental . 
it's like rocky and bullwinkle on speed , but that's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie's strangeness . 
the movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . there are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting . 
it's pithy without being saccharine ; it's funny without ever not taking itself seriously ; it's full of beautiful characters and great performances . 
unfortunately , as a writer , mr . montias isn't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor . 
plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial . 
 " punch-drunk love " is a little like a chocolate milk moustache . . . 
normally , rohmer's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable . 
this dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old hollywood saw : evil is interesting and good is boring . 
morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but morvern callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start . 
the year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but take care of my cat emerges as the very best of them . 
the plot mechanics of read my lips eventually kind of spin into a fairly conventional thriller , but the wildly talented cassel and the unconventionally alluring devos give this movie a unique feel . 
pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two . 
like a documentary version of fight club , shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest . 
what it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and b-grade stylishness . 
the main characters are simply named the husband , the wife and the kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort . 
it's endearing to hear madame d . refer to her husband as 'jackie' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer . 
bravely explores the psychic damage inflicted on jean-luc by a withholding , then absent parent . 
isn't it a bit early in his career for director barry sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? and it's a lousy one at that . 
like the tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
it's one of the most honest films ever made about hollywood . 
the chaotic lead characters are not the sorts one will usually see in a disney film and that makes for a certain amount of unpredictability before it all returns to business as usual . 
the piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones . 
jackass : the movie is a disgusting , repulsive , grotesque spectacle , but it's also hilarious and provocative . god help me , thumbs up . 
a lyrical , bittersweet film about what could be termed a by-product of battle . 
combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why didn't hollywood think of this sooner ? 
stealing harvard doesn't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor . 
you may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by argentine director fabian bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet . 
you watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises . 
an unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see . 
you'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it . 
stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little * * * * . no cute factor here… . not that i mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise . 
a charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother/daughter relationship . 
so saccharine , i'm not sure i'd be able to take it under normal conditions . 
worth catching for griffiths' warm and winning central performance . 
waiting for godard can be fruitful : 'in praise of love' is the director's epitaph for himself . 
with its dogged hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap . 
hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the u . s . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema . 
this action-thriller/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage . 
some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent . 
behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one can't help but think he'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art . 
the story is timeless , but when adapted to the modern age , it makes for a wrenching film -- never preachy or sentimental , and refreshingly non-judgmental about the fundamental and contradictory issues it raises . 
a stormy french adolescent drama about friendship , family , and sexual politics . 
satin rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity . 
while the topic has grown heavier here , [moretti's] touch has not , and that disparity is precisely what gives the film its sustained poignancy . 
this mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost . 
deliberately and devotedly constructed , far from heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate . 
all of the filmmakers' calculations can't rescue brown sugar from the curse of blandness . 
the tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life . 
if the movie is finally stuck halfway been cinema and prose , miller proves that it's not an unfertile place to linger . 
what doesn't this film have that an impressionable kid couldn't stand to hear ? 
this is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy . 
really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length . 
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back . 
as janice , eileen walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm . 
 " 13 conversations about one thing " is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling . 
as gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film's creepy , clean-cut dahmer ( jeremy renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge . 
although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make italian for beginners worth the journey
as violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you've ever seen . 
aspires to the cracked lunacy of the adventures of buckaroo banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like the adventures of ford fairlane . 
doug liman , the director of bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie's spycraft and uses damon's ability to be focused and sincere . 
heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple's moral ascension . 
tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to liyan's backyard . 
even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , east-vs . -west coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate . 
the moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess's home video of their baby's birth . 
food for love endeavors and largely succeeds in lending equal weight to the emotional turmoil of its older and younger characters . 
it's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-soviet russia . 
so beautifully acted and directed , it's clear that washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses . 
